README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="./.github/documentation-js-logo.png" width="650" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  The documentation system for modern JavaScript
</p>

[![Circle CI](https://circleci.com/gh/documentationjs/documentation/tree/master.svg?style=shield)](https://circleci.com/gh/documentationjs/documentation/tree/master)
[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/documentation.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/js/documentation)
[![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/documentationjs/documentation?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge)
[![David](https://david-dm.org/documentationjs/documentation.svg)](https://david-dm.org/documentationjs/documentation)
[![Inline docs](http://inch-ci.org/github/documentationjs/documentation.svg?branch=master&style=flat-square)](http://inch-ci.org/github/documentationjs/documentation)

[:date: Current maintenance status](https://github.com/documentationjs/documentation/wiki/Current-maintenance-status)

- Supports modern JavaScript: ES5, ES2017, JSX, Vue and [Flow](https://flow.org/) type annotations.
- Infers parameters, types, membership, and more. Write less documentation: let the computer write it for you.
- Integrates with GitHub to link directly from documentation to the code it refers to.
- Customizable output: HTML, JSON, Markdown, and more

## Examples

- [HTML output with default template](https://documentation.js.org/html-example/)
- [Markdown](https://github.com/documentationjs/documentation/blob/master/docs/NODE_API.md)
- [JSON](https://documentation.js.org/html-example/index.json)

## Documentation

- [Getting Started](docs/GETTING_STARTED.md): start here
- [Usage](docs/USAGE.md): how to use documentation.js
- [Recipes](docs/RECIPES.md): tricks for writing effective JSDoc docs
- [Node API](docs/NODE_API.md): documentation.js's self-generated documentation
- [Configuring documentation.js](docs/CONFIG.md)
- [FAQ](docs/FAQ.md)
- [Troubleshooting](docs/TROUBLESHOOTING.md)
- [Theming](docs/THEMING.md): tips for theming documentation output in HTML
- [See also](https://github.com/documentationjs/documentation/wiki/See-also): a list of projects similar to documentation.js

## User Guide

Globally install `documentation` using the [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) package manager:

```sh
$ npm install -g documentation
```

This installs a command called `documentation` in your path, that you can
point at [JSDoc](http://usejsdoc.org/)-annotated source code to generate
human-readable documentation. First, run `documentation` with the `--help`
option for help:

```sh
Usage:

# generate markdown docs for index.js and files it references
documentation build index.js -f md

# generate html docs for all files in src, and include links to source files in github
documentation build src/** -f html --github -o docs

# document index.js, ignoring any files it requires or imports
documentation build index.js -f md --shallow

# validate JSDoc syntax in util.js
documentation lint util.js

# update the API section of README.md with docs from index.js
documentation readme index.js --section=API

# build docs for all values exported by index.js
documentation build --document-exported index.js

# build html docs for a TypeScript project
documentation build index.ts --parse-extension ts -f html -o docs

Commands:
  build [input..]   build documentation
  lint [input..]    check for common style and uniformity mistakes
  readme [input..]  inject documentation into your README.md

Options:
  --version  Show version number                                       [boolean]
  --help     Show help                                                 [boolean]
```

## [Contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md)

_We have plenty of
[issues](https://github.com/documentationjs/documentation/issues) that we'd
love help with._

- Robust and complete `JSDoc` support, including typedefs.
- Strong support for HTML and Markdown output
- Documentation coverage, statistics, and validation

documentation is an OPEN Open Source Project. This means that:

Individuals making significant and valuable contributions are given
commit-access to the project to contribute as they see fit. This
project is more like an open wiki than a standard guarded open source project.

Commit message:

Updated readme to be loe specific

README.md, after:

<p> LOE-sepecific Fork of...</p>
<p align="center">
  <img src="./.github/documentation-js-logo.png" width="650" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  The documentation system for modern JavaScript
</p>

[![Circle CI](https://circleci.com/gh/documentationjs/documentation/tree/master.svg?style=shield)](https://circleci.com/gh/documentationjs/documentation/tree/master)
[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/documentation.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/js/documentation)
[![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/documentationjs/documentation?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge)
[![Inline docs](http://inch-ci.org/github/documentationjs/documentation.svg?branch=master&style=flat-square)](http://inch-ci.org/github/documentationjs/documentation)

[:date: Current maintenance status](https://github.com/documentationjs/documentation/wiki/Current-maintenance-status)

- Supports modern JavaScript: ES5, ES2017, JSX, Vue and [Flow](https://flow.org/) type annotations.
- Infers parameters, types, membership, and more. Write less documentation: let the computer write it for you.
- Integrates with GitHub to link directly from documentation to the code it refers to.
- Customizable output: HTML, JSON, Markdown, and more

## LOE-Specific 
In order to use this in projects do the following steps:
1. clone locally
2. from the local directory where this project was cloned, run the following command in terminal
```bash
npm link
```
3. from the project you are working on, run the following command in terminal
```bash
npm link documentation
```

At that point you should be able to write npm scripts in your package.json as follows:
```json
...
"scripts": {
  "docs":"documentation build utilities/** -f md --parse-extension js --config utilities/_doc.yml -o docs/utilities.md"
}
```
the above npm script would create documentation 
1. based on the contents of the utilities folder 
2. output them as markdown
3. only look at files with the "js" file extension
4. follow the order of the TOC created in utilities/_doc.yml
5. output the results in docs/utilities.md

## Examples

- [HTML output with default template](https://documentation.js.org/html-example/)
- [Markdown](https://github.com/documentationjs/documentation/blob/master/docs/NODE_API.md)
- [JSON](https://documentation.js.org/html-example/index.json)

## Documentation

- [Getting Started](docs/GETTING_STARTED.md): start here
- [Usage](docs/USAGE.md): how to use documentation.js
- [Recipes](docs/RECIPES.md): tricks for writing effective JSDoc docs
- [Node API](docs/NODE_API.md): documentation.js's self-generated documentation
- [Configuring documentation.js](docs/CONFIG.md)
- [FAQ](docs/FAQ.md)
- [Troubleshooting](docs/TROUBLESHOOTING.md)
- [Theming](docs/THEMING.md): tips for theming documentation output in HTML
- [See also](https://github.com/documentationjs/documentation/wiki/See-also): a list of projects similar to documentation.js

## User Guide

Globally install `documentation` using the [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) package manager:

```sh
$ npm install -g documentation
```

This installs a command called `documentation` in your path, that you can
point at [JSDoc](http://usejsdoc.org/)-annotated source code to generate
human-readable documentation. First, run `documentation` with the `--help`
option for help:

```sh
Usage:

# generate markdown docs for index.js and files it references
documentation build index.js -f md

# generate html docs for all files in src, and include links to source files in github
documentation build src/** -f html --github -o docs

# document index.js, ignoring any files it requires or imports
documentation build index.js -f md --shallow

# validate JSDoc syntax in util.js
documentation lint util.js

# update the API section of README.md with docs from index.js
documentation readme index.js --section=API

# build docs for all values exported by index.js
documentation build --document-exported index.js

# build html docs for a TypeScript project
documentation build index.ts --parse-extension ts -f html -o docs

Commands:
  build [input..]   build documentation
  lint [input..]    check for common style and uniformity mistakes
  readme [input..]  inject documentation into your README.md

Options:
  --version  Show version number                                       [boolean]
  --help     Show help                                                 [boolean]
```

## [Contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md)

_We have plenty of
[issues](https://github.com/documentationjs/documentation/issues) that we'd
love help with._

- Robust and complete `JSDoc` support, including typedefs.
- Strong support for HTML and Markdown output
- Documentation coverage, statistics, and validation

documentation is an OPEN Open Source Project. This means that:

Individuals making significant and valuable contributions are given
commit-access to the project to contribute as they see fit. This
project is more like an open wiki than a standard guarded open source project.
